Codestriker v1.1
Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 David Sitsky.  All rights reserved.
sits@users.sourceforge.net
--------------------------

Codestriker is a perl CGI script which is used for performing code
reviews in a collaborative fashion as opposed to using unstructured
emails.

Authors create code review topics, where the nominated reviewers will
be automatically notified by email.  Reviewers then submit comments
against the code on a per-line basis, and can also view comments
submitted by the other reviewers as they are created.  Emails are sent
to the appropriate parties when comments are created, as an alert
mechanism.  The author is also free to submit comments against the
review comments.

Once all reviewers have finished, the author has all
review comments available in a structured fashion, as
opposed to a pile of unstructured emails.

A tutorial on how to use codestriker can be seen from
http://codestriker.sourceforge.net

Installation
------------

I use codestriker as a tool behind our company's firewall for
performing code reviews within our engineering team.  For RedHat 7.1,
the installation is simply the following as root on the internal web
server:

	    cd /var/www/cgi-bin
	    cp /from/installed/location/codestriker.pl .
	    mkdir /var/www/codestriker
	    chown apache.apache /var/www/codestriker

Codestriker stores all of its topic data and comments by default in
"/var/www/codestriker".  This location can be changed by the
configuration variable at the start of the script.  This directory
needs to be owned by the user which runs httpd, since the script
creates files and directories under the "/var/www/codestriker"
directory.  The username is typically either nobody or apache.  Use
the "ps auxww | grep httpd" command to find out.

For deployments outside an intranet, I would suggest using apache's
".htaccess" mechanism to limit access as to who can execute the
script, as an extra security precaution.

Future plans
------------

Obviously there are many enhancements that can be made to this tool.
My initial goal was to build something quickly and it get it out there
for real use, which will then hopefully provide further input to
future enhancements.

Please send your comments to sits@users.sourceforge.net.

The latest version of codestriker can be obtained from:
http://codestriker.sourceforge.net

